Astro CLI 1.5.1 (#1249)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro CLI 1.5.1

Release date: September 23, 2022

### Bug fixes

> - Fixes an issue where customers are not able to push deprecated versions of Runtime to their Deployments. The Astro CLI used to cancel these deploys now it will just provides a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes an issue where you could not push a deprecated version of Astro Runtime to a Deployment, even if that Deployment was already running that version. Instead of blocking deploys, the Astro CLI now shows only a warning.
```
